the girag an experience that's the one
thing comics left to do we love being
children Don Barron's dombarris is like
the king of that let's talk him last
night about you he loves you to death
and he's like she's bringing up how he
used to did he used to go on the road
with you or did oh I would have gone I
would put on him whatever I was in I
would put him in like we wound up doing
this this crazy Frank Stallone movie in
Ixtapa
you know Mexico and we were stuck there
for like five weeks and of course I'm a
I'm a Don do like Alfred Hitchcock in
the movie there was no call for Alfred
Hitchcock but I took the producers into
it you know and that's where he actually
hurt hurt his foot
you know how he's got like a bad foot
yeah he hurt his foot well what happened
with Don he always wants to fight me you
know so so one day you know he starts in
with me on the set and it's all these
Mexican crew members that don't even
understand English
and he puts his foot like there was a
hole in the ground and he wouldn't got
at a hospital after to fix it you know
so to this day like he just moves the
wrong way and he's crippled you know he
just falls down and and it was funny
what happened was I went back to a
Madison Square Garden in 2000 and it was
Don's job at the time to come there cuz
he really wanted to see it with my wife
and my sons so he was the problem on the
plane because what happened was he's
walking down an aisle and the foot goes
and he you know Don's emotional you know
so he's screaming laying on the floor in
the plane scaring scaring the entire
flight you know and then they get him
into a chair and the foot felt better
you know so if the cops were at the
airport to question him
and I go your job was to just bring them
here that was the gift you get to fly
for nothing and get a hotel room bring
them in and you caused a problem on the
fucking airline but that's done you know
that's who he is do you think he was
just practical joking with you know he
was know
at Norm's no no no it really goes his
foot really goes is it a broken foot is
it a litter I'm sure he like chip
something in his ankle and then he just
went got a hottie goes what are they
gonna do to me you know he turns into
this baby you know oh yeah and he would
do the road with me you know and I had
when he would do the road with I would
just take him with me when he would do
the road I had a at that time I had
Eddie Griffin with me I had yeah so
Eddie Griffin was like the real opener
you know and so what would happen is I'd
give dawn 10 minutes right up front so
we'd be on a big you know tour bus
traveling the country and one time he's
on the bus and he's like you know how he
gets down on himself mm-hmm you know
like you almost like that he's not
crying with tears but I'm gonna what
dong it's because the crowd doesn't
respond the way he wants you know right
because he would come out singing uh
tie a yellow ribbon you know you know
with the with the music over it and get
the crowd clapping and so now the song
ends and then he goes into another one
we'll go into like Copacabana so now
he's on the bus complaining about I got
on it's your ten minutes after they get
the joke of who you are that you're this
fuckin goofball well now where were the
jokes you know and he would go well you
know I went into the other side I go
they don't want to hear another you
already did the big you had them clap
now they gotta clap to Barry Manilow
singing you know Copacabana who gives a
fuck nobody gives a fuck you create the
character you just fuckin big goofball
and now give him jokes you know and but
we had a lot of fun and then there would
be another Rumble on the bus now it's
him jumping on me and trying to kill me
on the bus yeah he's his life is
constant theater with that guy I'm
stinky dice that's who I hang out with
every single day from midnight to about
4:00 a.m. that's Paula and you know it
was hysterical with the movie we did in
Ixtapa they they wanted me to stay and
film for longer than I wanted to be
there you know and I'm going I got to
get out of here I got
eggs I gotta do so they promised me a
lot of a lot of money you know in like
cash and and done you know through the
whole shoot is going they're never
giving it to you you got to get it now
I got done they're gonna pay me we made
a deal that's it you know and you know
and you know the it was a crazy set you
know I mean I never went through
anything like this in a film ever you
know what went on in those five weeks
and so he's gone you know through to
five weeks I got to hear how they're not
gonna pay me you know he's just on me
that and of course they give me the
money and Don had to tape it up you know
all over my body like that movie
Midnight Express did you willing yeah
because you know it was a part of Mexico
that we actually thought that the
director was gonna have me stopped at
the airport you know so you know we're
thinking alright how am i got allowed
more than like $10,000 in cash right was
a lot of money you know so he was taping
it with this like paper tape to my chest
to my thigh you know that when I got
home yeah and when we're going you know
through the airport I'm going they're
gonna stop me I'm gonna be in jail and
whoever stops me he's gonna be rich you
know it's that simple but they didn't
stop us and now I get home and I take
off my shirt and my wife sees all this
money taped to my chest and she's going
what is that you know no they paid me
you know that's how they pay you in
Mexico you know but Dom was just so sure
they're not paying me for them it was
just crazy it was a good I wouldn't eat
we only had one meal a day cuz everybody
on the set was getting sick you know
everybody was going to the hospital and
and all we had every day was we went to
the same restaurant about four o'clock
every day we had pasta with sauce garlic
bread and coca-cola were purified ice
and we wouldn't eat til the next day at
the same time cuz we figured we'd make
it the middle of the day because we're
only getting that one meal we're not
eating any of the food there Wow yeah
and he lost like 30 pounds
he's he's gone I gotta eat something
this is ridiculous that we're not eating
food you know but everybody's falling at
the waist side what are we gonna do we
got no dis is survival my friend what
those be movie sets can be very fucking
sketchy and it was for a long time yeah
was he five weeks of the same food but
I'm a king like I could do that I could
eat the same thing every single day but
you want it like twice a day but the
restaurant would close like 9:00 at
night so we'd have to wait till the next
day at 4 o'clock to have the next meal
Wow so what's just bottled water you
know and that was it bottled water and
pasta once a day what's the name of this
movie it was called the good life it
never came out ah you know and I always
talked to Frank Stallone he always says
he should release like pieces of it on
the internet yeah it was the craziest
thing you know I wanted it to be a
comedy Frank Stallone wanted it to be a
drama you know because because you know
I would tell the producers I go you know
it's really a funny movie you know in
comedy cells right so when Frank would
do a scene he'd come over to the
director and go you know how was that
and he goes well it was very dramatic
you know and he's gone well it's
supposed to be a drama and he goes well
I think it should be funnier and he goes
but the movies a fucking drama like so
he was flipping out it we had a big
fight over that movie but uh but the
producers now wanted to just be like a
comedy dennis hopper's in it it was
supposed to be you know it was supposed
to be it was supposed to be Goodfellas
on a golf course
so Dennis Hopper you and it's Hopper was
in well but it was filming really can
you find it anywhere no it's on its be
but it doesn't yeah it's not online but
no one put it online but David Carradine
was in it too yeah a lot of people were
innocently D'Angelo Wester Stallone is
in it yes
that's hilarious he never made it you
never know that shit to Netflix or
something like that you make it it's
well it's not my movie to sell but you
know it just wound up the whole time in
Ixtapa was drama you know but it the
movie
hysterical you know there's just movie
sets I've only been on one I've been on
well to be movie sir but you know what
happened we had a good director at the
beginning and then the producer who was
an attorney fired the director
and he decided to direct no so now what
happens is this is where it starts going
a little crazy
and I don't you know I can't play golf I
hate fucking golf I I don't have
patience to hit a one little ball you
know of course the park whatever you
know so I wasn't really good at playing
the golf you know so we would make it
that they make fun at me but I had some
like golf material at the time where I
talked about hating golf so the the this
new director makes me do some of that
material on like the master shot like on
a crane so he goes I want you to do that
monologue every time you know and I go
no but I'm not doing that monologue
every time I did it for you cuz you
asked me to do it in the master shot
just so you hear some talking and it
goes no I want you to do it I go that's
my material for my act I don't want to
do it you know you're not paying me for
it all yeah right and he goes you'll do
what I say no I'm not gonna do a fucking
thing you say I go and don't ever tell
me what to do again ever in front of the
camera which dombarris is falling down
laughing as he's making our little
documentary movie with my camera because
I was always filming he did he literally
say you'll do as I say yeah who ever
lived and he and he says if you don't
like it you could leave so I said okay
I'll leave I go done let's go and I had
Calypso to Kenny there I go let's see he
goes well my attorneys will be into I go
asshole you told me to leave the set you
don't want me in the movie if I don't
want to do my own material and I don't
want to do it so don't fucking tell me
what to do and I'll stay and that's it
you know and what Don loved is no matter
what the guy did you know for his main
profession he goes you're telling your
director the guy that's supposed to tell
you what to do don't ever tell me what
to do again but that's his only job
right now is telling you what to do I go
yeah but you heard what when it went
down you know and he agreed with it and
then I decided to direct part of the
special
it's but not the special of the movie
and because I come to the set one day
and it's like 110 degrees and this guy
you know the guy directing was you know
he had a funny character he was very
low-key where the the sombrero cuz it
was Mexico and it was always hot and I
go what are we doing today and he goes I
don't know you know and I go do you want
me to set the shot up and he goes would
you please
this is the director now you know just
he's just tapped out yeah he goes I just
want to finish the movie and go home and
they tell he would talk that's like an
impression of the guy so now I'm
directing I'm directing the movie and
that was a scene I direct that this was
great because I was like a little at war
with Frank Stallone it the time on the
set so I was shooting a scene that I
needed on Barris for and now I decided
to club soda Kenny will be in the movie
also you know so Frank is shooting a
scene where he's like playing a guitar
in his underwear talking to some girl he
was with in bed the night before so I
come in there and I take the sound guys
I'm like just come with me
so now I get the sound guys so he winds
up shooting the soul scene that he's
doing and he doesn't know he doesn't
have sound and all of a sudden coming
from this house you hear him screaming
he took the fucking sound guys you made
me do all these takes and we don't even
have fucking sound and the directors
going well dice is directing a scene
right now you know and he goes why the
fuck is he directing anything it's not
his movie to direct I mean people were
having and then we crashed the golf
carts which I got in trouble for I
played chicken with the you know Peter
Dobson he's an actor no he's been in a
lot of stuff anyway so me and Dobson
were good friends and decide to play
chicken with the golf carts and I turn
at the last second and my golf cart gets
completely destroyed and Frank goes
flying out of it because he's with me
going what are you doing as we're going
towards each other and I'm going just
stick with
me on this he goes I don't want to stick
with you stop driving you know but we
wouldn't stop driving and I turn and
they smash Am I
so now I'm not allowed to even lay off
caught chicken yeah chicken to see who
turns first you know and then we're
having sword fights with the golf clubs
I mean it was ridiculous what was going
on your Beverly D'Angelo's in the movie
Frank pecheurs in the movie was your war
with Frank Stallone was just that I
believe the movie should be a comedy you
know so I started doing like an
impression of him on screen but because
I could do him really well the way he
stands and you know so now he sees the
final cut and he goes what are you doing
behind me you know I go an impression of
you because you're not supposed to be
doing an impression to me I'm the leader
of the gang I go but it's funny and he
goes but the movies not funny you know
and of course we all made up after him
you know movie you know never came out
you know make up with everybody make up
with Paul you made up with that guy yeah
because it's more fun to have your
friends are you gonna make em laugh
about it